Priorities
==========
Narya (or Lords of Mumble or..): Wizards summoning critters to attack eachother.
Would be first complete production based on Xiqual. Turn to Shane for the full
lowdown - I've volunteered him to do the scripting :)

A roguelike of some sort. This would allow further testing of the tile engine and
some other parts that Narya might not touch upon. Also a good program to use in
developing more fun Lua scripts and fleshing out some sort of generic scripting
API for use in strategy games and more.

Wanna
=====

Zombielord:It's real blood! Dig up the dead and re-animate them, either through
magic or technology. Make the fresher specimens jog their memories and be a little
more than just cannon-fodder - perhaps even leading your braindead minions.
Will you become a lich, existing forever as an unpleasant-smelling, animated corpse?
Or will you find relatives and companions to pass on your work to, living on through
them and their particular abilities?

It would be an RTS/RPG cross-over somewhat unlike any other. Keep your main minion,
yourself, alive, or make sure you've arranged for your work to continue. This could
be done by having loyal apprentices to keep up the "scientific" work, or simply
making sure you cannot be killed.

Lichdom - pros:
"Living" forever, regenerating over time from any injury. No upper limit on
magical ability. Magic can be developed to ensure the undead do not turn against
their master. Besides, they're more likely to listen to their own.

The scientific method - pros:
You're alive, so you won't attract much attention. Except for being a recluse.
Technology can be used to replace parts that break on minions. No corpse is too
old for combat. Physical condition will be better than most undead; a lich couldn't
take much of a beating before bits start to drop off, but a real, live scientist
isn't necessarily a skinny little geek. Of course, those are the apprentices you'll
get for the most part..until you train them. Science has better methods to store
dead/undead for longer periods of time, meaning a quick escape from an angry mob
doesn't mean you have to start all over. You just need to get to those barrels you
hid in some mortuary..

Lichdom - cons:
You smell. You can't move amongst common people at all without attracting any
attention. While you regenerate from complete breakdown, much time passes -
perhaps even years. In that time, your laboratory could be smashed to bits and
your minions run rampant, meaning you have to start from scratch.
You tend to empty cemeteries rather fast, since natural decomposition can't be
stopped fully, and you don't have any new-fangled science to replace limbs.

Science - cons:
Once you're dead, you're dead. If you have an apprentice, you restart at his
skillevels (so train them well, perhaps even having them surpass you in ways).
Your only control over disobedient undead would be to disable them or lock them
down with mechanic contraptions. Certain types of undead, like any hungry dead,
would be out of the question for control. They'd rather eat you than wait for
the meals you might promise. Carry a big stick.

Goals with the game: Single-player - mission-based over different territories,
with many different landscapes. Battlefields being the yummiest, of course.
Hunt down that extra bit of knowledge for each new type of undead, ally yourself
with the more upwardly mobile types (vampires and the like), but watch out for
werewolves looking for a bone.

On the magical path, lichdom is only half the struggle. Ruling a country could
be a nice bonus. Developing unbeatable armies is of course an advantage..
The most important point would be that it's training for the multiplayer side.

Multiplayer - pick a few advantages and disadvantages related to either the magical
or scientific way of doing, then fight over territories with any number of players.
Develop the minds of certain undead and make them into champions that can lead
your troops without your direct guidance, or if you're a scientist and can't quite
make them do what you want, store them in barrels to unleash upon your foes whenever
you need something done. Pack 'em up after sedating them and repair the damage
while waiting for the next battle. In most cases, a battle won is a new set of
corpses won. Fresh meat for the operating table!

You'd start the game as a lich if picking the magical path, and the scientific
path would get similar advantages.

Gimmicks: All the blood in the game should be textured from real bleeding
done by the developers. Keep that camera handy :>

*****

Whorecraft:
Silly idea from a slashdotter, but it might work as a management game of sorts.
Build an empire of brothels, or specialise in take-out! I shut up now.

*****

A Master of Magic clone:
The original game is a DOS-only game, which is a shame. It is vaguely Civilisation-
like, but with a simple economic model. You picked one of many personalities, or
created your own custom set of magical skills from several typical branches (chaos,
fire, nature, spirit, death, water etc.) and started with control over one city of
one race (lizardmen, humans, elves, halflings, dark-elves and more). Then you just
expanded, civ-style, while developing more effective magic, both spells and items.
Heroes showed up for hire (remember their upkeep!), and could use these items.
You could summon permanent minions, including some incredibly strong heroes (at a
large daily cost of mana), or enchant the ones you had. It was all a race to either
beat the crap out of the enemies, or develop the Spell of Mastery, which made you
the controller of all magic forces. Or maybe it was the equivalent of a scout's
badge in magic. Or something. Anyway, that was usually The End.

The game was divided into two worldmaps, darkside and lightside. You entered each
through portal towers scattered about the landscape. A spell could be researched
to allow the same effect as a satellite in Civ, other spells existed to improve
sea movement. There were also sources of mana of different types that you could
control. To ensure you kept it, you'd need to summon guardian spirits. They cost
upkeep until they merged with a node, after which they'd show up in battles to
defend it.

Battle-mode was a turnbased affair seen from the side (sorta; a tad of Heroes of
Might and Magic's semi-isometric style there). You could cast spells from that mode,
either of your own available spells, or through heroes, if they had the ability.
Some heroes might have useful spells you didn't have, which could make a battle
real easy.

Flyers units were almost always an advantage, except walls around cities still
deterred them. Some units were also immune to non-magic damage, so kitting the
heroes out with a full set of magical weapons, even puny +1 pig-stickers of
eye-poking, helped a lot.

*****
