				Xiqual
(Game/utility library for bunches of platforms)

This collection of statically linkable libraries are an evolving
"game design toolkit" for my own use. There might be code
of interest to other people (configuration file handling, IFF access,
generic List/Node functions, SDL-based graphics routines,
networking tools), so I've made it available to the world.

It will eventually evolve into a 2D game/graphics application
framework of sorts, but the priorities change every day.
(Focus: Tilebased, primarily turn-based games at first.
It is, however, evolving into a C program porting API.)

The most developed sub-libraries are xitools and xigfx. The former
is being used by all my miniscule projects (linked lists, tags
and configuration files), while xigfx makes it a tad easier to start
new SDL projects. The automatic mousepointer creation and input
handling is also good for some game types.

Least developed of them all would be the networking sub-library;
it has barely been tested yet. It also has trouble compiling on Win32,
as there are functions missing from the API.


The components:

libxitools: Filehandling (plain, IFF and INI-style preferences).
String-utilities, taglists and MD5-summing are also components
in this. Taglists are pretty fundamental to a lot of Xiqual, MD5
routines are useful for login servers (verifying files on the user's
system against the server's most recent files, for instance).
XML reading/parsing is also in here; this part of the library is a
small, simple alternative for those who don't want a multi-megabyte DOM
installation or similar.

The preferences system has been completely re-designed as of 21st of
July 2002. Smaller, easier, better.

libxigfx: SDL-based functions to make many tasks easier.
A GUI-system is planned as part of it (currently existing in a
crude form somewhere; signals are still being worked on).
Sprite-handling, colourful mousepointers etc. are handled by
one of the basic components here.

Recent additions:
*Semi-automatic handling of input/cursors in the mainloop
 Remember: Short, controlled bursts!
*Tileset loader/blitter - create compressed tilesets from any
 number of images with one or more tiles

liblui: GUI toolkit.
This is a very small GUI library which has been integrated with
Xiqual. Only a few gadgets are available. Supports using tilesets
for buttons, or any SDL_image supported graphics. SDL_ttf is required
for some of the functionality, so you really must have that.

libxicgi: Stuff for webpages. Includes a more complete form
of cookie access. Based on taglists, has some date-conversion
functions. Current state of the code is "fairly useful".
(It's there because I can, not because it is directly related to games.)

libxinet: Utility functions to make select()-servers more easily go
here, and some minor client-side functions. Has some functions to read and
write data on sockets.

Documentation:
HTML documentatin is generated from sources and headers with DOC++.
Look for a directory named 'html'. In Win32 environment, you can
either grab the source or the Xiqual_dev.exe setup program with
library files already compiled, and API documentation is included.
